Israel's war with Hamas has reached the
southern suburbs of
Beirut by targeting Salah aruri the
group's main leader in Lebanon in the
political and Military stronghold of
Hezbollah Israel crossed a line the
Lebanese armed group's leader says the
crime won't go
unpunished this was a serious incident a
crime they h beirut's Southern suburb
for the first time since 2006 this was
an Israeli message even though it said
it wasn't targeting Hezbollah and
Lebanon who believes that cowards
believe
that Hezbollah is already at war with
Israel along lebanon's Southern border
where they have been exchanging
crossborder fire the Lebanese group
opened the front to help relieve its
Ally Hamas in Gaza but according to
nasala the fighting will continue to
remain calculated and conf to the border
that could change if Israel launches
allout
War whoever thinks of a war with us in
one word he will regret it because a war
with us will be costly until now we are
taking into consideration the situation
in Lebanon and national interests but if
war is launched against Lebanon it will
be in the interest of Lebanon that we
enter the war with our full military
capabilities hezbollah's strategy has
been a delicate balance of waging a war
without waging one that could cause
Lebanon already in financial ruin to pay
a high price Israel has threatened to
turn Beirut into another Gaza Tuesday's
strike was the first time Israel hit the
Lebanese Capital since its last war with
Hezbollah in 2006 it was also the first
time Israel hit so deep inside the
country since its latest round of
hostilities with the group triggered by
the war in Gaza began 3 months ago
Israel has been threatening a
large-scale operation in Lebanon if
Hezbollah doesn't pull back from the
border aru's assassination doesn't
appear to be a provocation but it
violated The Rules of Engagement which
means Hezbollah will need to restore its
deterrence zenak Al jazer
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer